This directory contains scripts named after debian packages.  Each script is
responsible for the customisations that need to be applied to that package.

These customisations are applied in several phases, and each package that is
found installed in the rescue system will attempt to run its matching script
during each phase.

Curently the phases are:

"minimise"
    During this phase, anything that can be removed to minimise the
    installed size is removed.

"busybox"
    If busybox is used, it can replace a large number of binaries
    belonging to other packages.  This is technically a space minimisation
    technique, but it is put in a separate phase so that these actions are
    clearly separated from the other packages deleting their own files.
    (It is expected that only the busybox package script will implement
    this phase)

"fixup"
    This phase performs the changes needed to make the image actually
    bootable.  Any service startup warnings and errors are also addressed
    here.

Output and exit codes:

These scripts are expected to be silent on their output unless they encounter
an error.  The exit codes are interpreted as follows:

    0       all successful
    1       the requested stage is not supported by this script (not an error)
    other   an error was encountered - stop the build

The "FILES_LIST" variable:

The package scripts all define a "FILES_LIST" variable that is used
to delete files and directories (during the minimise phase).  In the
future, this list will also be used to highlight when the installed
package version contains files that are not expected (and thus might
be suitable for deleting, or need new fixups).  To facilitate this,
the list is structured as a tagged list, with one line for each file.

Each line is a tag followed by a filename, with the following defined
tags:

    k   - keep this file, mark it as known when comparing package lists
    r   - remove this file
    rr  - recursively remove this directory

The list of "keep" files can also serve as a hit-list of files that that
it might be possible to delete.

